Where are you?
The hideous dress almost suffocated me.
And then they found a dead body at my wedding.
I told you I was against you marrying into this crazy family.
Daven, isn't crazy?
We're very happy.
As long as my daughter's happy.
What happened?
Why do you look like you just saw a ghost?
I have still to be mean about that handsome stranger.
Mom, I'm actually a kissed him.
No.
He kissed me.
And then it was like I had the power of God.
Vivy?
No, no.
Daven's mom was eating some cake.
And I wish that she would choke on it.
And she did.
I'm not crazy.
It seems that you've awakened on your birthday.
Awakened?
Mom, what are you talking about?
Ever wonder why your drinks are always a hit at the bar?
No, that's just me being good at my job.
Of course you are, but there's more to it than that.
It's one of the many gifts you were born with.
Gifts?
My precious ones.
Are you tired?
Do you want to take a break?
No, but I could use a kiss.